Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.
Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
It’s not the years in your life that count, it’s the life in your years.
What we think, we become.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Life isn’t about finding yourself. It’s about creating yourself.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Difficulties in life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you.
The best revenge is massive success.
It is not length of life, but depth of life.
Life is too important to be taken seriously.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Live life as if everything is rigged in your favor.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are… it is our choices.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
The best way out is always through.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see it.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Life is too important to be taken seriously.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Don’t count the days, make the days count.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.